What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Git creates the file structure for a new repository. Because you have not yet added any files, the repository is empty (from Git's perspective). You need to do this step to create the necessary metadata in the .git directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area contains all files that will be committed on the next Commit operation. It is a temporary holding container that accumulates content that needs to be committed. Because these files are not yet committed, however, you can make changes to the list of files before you Commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Only stage (git add) one file at a time. Then, run a "git diff --staging" command to view what will be committed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are useful if I want to try a change but am not ready to move it into production. Branches also help me keep my changes logically separated in the repository.  Branches are particularly helpful when multiple people are working in the same code base.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Keeping track of parents helps us avoid creating unreachable commits. This is WAY easier to view in Tortoise Git than with the "git log --graph" command.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The merged branches have both coins and all the latest changes to Master (including color).  We show the branches coming together and continuing as Master, since Git is examining each change and merging all the changes it understands. We show the merged Commit as having two parents where the individual branches came together.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Git's automatic merging makes collaboration much more convenient. Having to manually merge with a team larger than one would be cumbersome.

